Okay welcome back.
So we're going to have a look at that button pack as a first quote port of call.
I have got my downloads here and that button pack in my downloads.
Which I have personally made in GIMP.
No I'm not a very good artist so these buttons are a little bit rough.
And if you want to learn how to do these kinds of buttons much better than me then Mikey who makes the
gimp course for us is the guy to go and look for and he has got a whole course about how to use it properly.
And if you do know how to use GIMP.
Well I have included the gimp file in the download so you can go ahead and select these three buttons
the button the clicked button and the button highlighted and go over to our content browser and get
that drag over from the download.
Import those three buttons go to back to our main menu select our.
Host button.
Go through its image and with that image loops opening up.
I am likely to click and drag go and select the image button.
Okay so that has given us this image and I could try and do it as a box draw as a box but you'll see
it doesn't work particularly well the reason for this is that I have created a scan line effect in here
that scanner in effect is getting stretched and scanlan effects aren't really meant to be stretched
so it's better off if we just use draw as image here for my particular button.
You might choose to do different now.
You'll see that inside this text you've got a size box already.
So what we can do is we can make use of this size box to get the.
Image of the button image to the right aspect ratio.
So let's do that.
What kind of looks about right is enough.
That looks about right now with that text.
I want it to be centralized so I'm going to click the text go to the slot the size box slot and align
it Centre in both directions.
Now I want to change the colour of the text.
I can go to appearance colour and a passive t use the colour picker and now the colour pic can be a
bit weird.
Sometimes not always where you think it is the exact colour so you might have to hover around in different
places and eventually you might find it as I just it.
Okay so I now have a text with the right colour.
I'm going to copy that colour and opacity from the appearance you can right click and hit copy and select
the other text in our game and right click on same current pastie and hit paste that updates their colour
in a pastie.
In fact I need that done that for joined because I'm going to delete that join bot button and just copy
the host button because I've changed significantly much that it's going to be hard to replicate.
So right click click on the horizontal box and paste it there and then I'm going to reorder it in my
horizontal box so that it is back where the join button was.
I'm going to open up the join button go to its host text and actually rename it to join as it should
be that again.
So now if I go ahead and hit play we've got a very cool looking menu but the hover over it isn't quite
working yet and the fonts are a bit rubbish so let's fix that.
First off the button let's select both of them you can do that by control clicking on both buttons in
the hierarchy and then you can go to the style and we can change the hover style first date its image
to be Button highlighted for me.
And draw.
As image rather than box.
Then that will go over to Prest and change that to button clicked and draw as image again.
Now let's go ahead and play it and see whether that's working with the Hoveround the click yet.
Hovering is highlighting them correctly.
Click is highlighting them differently.
Which is exactly what I'm looking for.
I'm pleased with that.
One more thing I'm noticing is that with this particular background image having the light in the middle
I think I need more space here in the middle of my vertical box.
So I'm going to go to my size box that contains the vertical box and increase its height I think.
A little bit.
To try and offset that position difference.
Just like so I might add a size box just above the main menu to bring it down a little.
So copy that size box paste it underneath the just above the main menu and I might change it's fill
to be about point five.
So just so the menu is hovering about here.
The buttons just a bit below.
Go ahead hit play and how that looks.
Yeah that looks pretty pretty good to me.
I'm quite happy with that.
Good luck.
On second thoughts I don't like that size box there.
It feels like it just unbalances the whole thing.
Main Menu at the top.
Host and join at the bottom that looks much better to me.
So I changed my mind.
But sometimes it's like that when you're doing you ice stuff you just kind of have to try it and see
how it feels and I'm sure you've found the same thing doing the challenge finding the font.
It's going to be pretty easy.
You just go over to Google fonts and download the font that you wanted.
So let's do that.
Hit the download button.
You get a Zip.
You open the zip.
You extract the zip.
And then once you have extracted the zip you can look for the t t f file which is the font file and
you can drag that into unreel which I believe I need to open up the content browser for.
And I'm actually going to create a font subfolder in the menu system folder new folder and I need to
set the content Braz to rename it fonts.
And in that font folder is where we are going to drag that tgf file.
So to do that might need to drag it from the extracted folder.
Like so.
And they all ask you Would you like to create a new font asset using the imported font face as its default
font.
Yes to all.
And I'm going to use that font selecting the text for the main menu the text to the host and text for
join go appearance font font family select and go to the audio regular or audio wide regular font.
Excellent.
We've got a really cool futuristic looking font.
Got a nice futuristic looking background.
It all scales properly and we've got nice different looking buttons that react to us clicking on them.
Great stuff.
Pat yourselves on the back for having a really cool looking menu now and I'll look forward to seeing
what your menus look like.
Do go ahead and share screenshots of the menus that you ended up creating in the forum and I will love
to see the results that you come up with okay and I'll see you next video will be making this menu just
that bit more functional.